Hi, fellow visitor! Thank you for reaching my résumé page, I'm Guilherme Zordan.
My carreer consists in 3 years of experience with software development and systems analysis.

Job Experience:

My professional life started when I was working with computer, hardware and network maintance
in a computer shop called Dark's Informática (from 10/2011 to 04/2014 in Casca-RS).

Later, I had the opportunity to work with big, corporative and traditional projects in a company named Compasso (http://www.compasso.com.br/)
where I started my life as a programmer dealing with Javascript and Java (Oracle Commerce).
(from 07/2014 to 09/2015 in Passo Fundo-RS)

When I quit the company, I did freelance work during 6 months, working mostly with
wordpress and mobile applications (from 10/2015 to 06/2016 in Passo Fundo-RS)

After that, a small and flexible startup company called Bider (https://bider.com.br/) focused on real estate market
hired me to build their whole website frontend with AngularJS and a little bit of the backend in RoR.

Currently, I've been studying Ruby on Rails more deeply along with other programming subjects (in Casca-RS).
I like attending IT events and also participated in a Google's Startup Weekend.
My latest solo project is Triafu (https://triafu.com.br) - an online entertainment community.
In the past few months, I got even more knowledge about Rails, erb, AWS S3, PostgreSQL, Heroku, domains and DNS.

Most used Technologies:

In the beggining I started programming mostly with JavaScript solutions.
Since then, I became very familiar with JS ecosystem's, including: Node JS, jQuery,
AngularJS, React, various task runners and hybrid development of mobile applications.

Ruby is my favorite backend language. I have experience in Java and PHP as well.
I love coding on Linux! mainly on these 2 distros: Manjaro(Arch) and Ubuntu(Debian)
I've got experience with Git and the terminal.

I have great experience with frontend designing too: bootstrap 4, SCSS and LESS.

Education:

I've got a degree in analysis and systems development provided by the "Universidade de Passo Fundo".
(2013/1st - 2017/2nd)
I like reading and taking online courses about various subjects.
I am a student at Alura "Cursos online em tecnologia".
I speak natively in portuguese and my english is very advanced.

Here is my Github profile page: https://github.com/billzee
My LinkedIn profile page: https://www.linkedin.com/in/guilherme-zordan/
Contact me by this e-mail address: guilhermezordan@outlook.com

Thank you for your time reading (:
